Overview of the game and goal
There will be four players. Each player chooses a vehicle (sedan, RV, pickup, and sports car) and races from Chicago to Los Angeles. Whoever first reached Santa Monica wins the game.
Setup:
At the beginning, each player chooses a type of vehicle, and will be given 300 dollars. They will use that money to put on gas, book motels, deal with emergencies, or upgrade their vehicles. Each player also has energy points 3, with fuel = full, tire = 1 (but capacity - 1).
Different types of cars:
Sedan. Speed = 1, capacity = 3, fuel tank = 5, fuel cons: 1
RV. Speed = 1 (maximum move per turn = 5) , capacity = 4, fuel tank = 20, fuel cons: 4. RV drivers do not need to stop at motels (energy always 3). 
Pickup. Speed = 1, capacity = 5, fuel tank = 15, fuel cons: 3
Sports car. Speed = 2 (maximum move per turn = 10), capacity = 2, fuel tank = 5, fuel cons: 2
Different places: 
Town (Chicago, St. Louis, Oklahoma City, Armellio, Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Flagstaff, Barstow, Pasadena), where you can have all services: put on gas, motel / sleeping, repair / upgrade car, buy tire / arm / gas can / coffee / collectible, work to earn money, or 
Gas Station - put on gas, buy gas can, buy coffee
Mechanics - repair / upgrade car, buy tires
Motel - sleeping
Casino - win or lose money
River Crossing - East St. Louis, Needles, special events
Destination - Santa Monica

Resources: 
Gas. spend fuel every turn to roll a dice so the vehicle moves
Tires. Used when a tire blows off. Otherwise it will delay the journey.
Arm. Used to conduct a robbery / defend in a robbery.
Coffee. Used when energy = 0. Ignore energy = 0 for 1 turn (can still move). Must rest before drinking coffee again. 
Collectible. Buy in a city, deliver it to other cities and sell it for profit. 

Running the game
Roll a dice and multiply the dice result by speed, clipped by the maximum move, then the player knows the range they’re able to move in this turn. Then players can move vehicles to any block within the range forward or backward. 
In every turn the energy will be reduced by 1, unless the player drives an RV. And fuel dropped by the fuel comp. Players have to stay in a motel to restore the energy to be 3. 

If the fuel tank < fuel, then the vehicle cannot move. Players have to call a towing company to tow the car to the nearest gas station (whether forward or backward). Players have to stop by at gas stations to put on gas. If the vehicles have gas cans, consume the gas can so each gas can provides 2 fuel. And the vehicle can move again. 

If the energy is dropped to 0, players can drink coffee to continue finding a motel. If players do not have coffee, or they have consumed coffee, then they had to stop moving for 2 rounds (so they could sleep), and energy would be raised to 2.

If the players actually move more than 5 blocks, they have a  ¼ chance of being issued a ticket, or a ¼ chance the tire blows off. The vehicles cannot move unless the players pay the ticket. If the tire blows off, the vehicle must be towed to a nearest mechanic (whether forward or backward) to be repaired. If the vehicle has tires, consume the tire so the vehicle can move again. (ticket is $100, and towing is $70). 

Players can choose to stay in a town to work. They can stop for a turn to work as part time jobs that earn the players $20. Or stop for 2 turns to work as a full time jobs that earn the players $50. 

Things that take a turn:
Car being towed
Car under repair
Things that can be done after moving and do not take a turn:
Buy stuff (weapon, …)
Stay at a motel
Put on gas
Rob
Things can be done before moving:
Buy stuff (weapon, …)


Upgrade Car: go to a mechanic, spend money, and wait to be repaired
Capacity + 2. Waiting time: 1 turn. Bill: $50. Consequence: fuel consumption + 1
Fuel tank + 3. Waiting time: 1 turn. Bill: $50. Consequence: fuel consumption + 1
Speed + 1. Waiting time: 2 turns. Bill: $100, Consequence: fuel consumption +1

Robbery
If a vehicle can be reachable within the moving range of the player with a weapon, the player can go to the vehicle block and rob the car
If the victim has no weapon, it loses. Cargo in the capacity will be handed over to the robber. 
If both the victim and the robber have weapons, they toss a dice to determine the winner. If the robber wins, it will take over all the cargo. Then the robber picks up the stuff and throws away unwanted stuff due to limited capacity. 
